vscode extension updates (#1365)
demisto/content-docs: docs/tutorials/tut-setup-dev.md

sb@dddd:~/demisto$
```

> *Note:* Make sure that `Allow the default Docker socket to be used (requires password)` is enabled in **Docker** advanced settings.

Reviewer: Use proper Docusaurus note blocks ([reference](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/admonitions))

```suggestion
:::note
Make sure that `Allow the default Docker socket to be used (requires password)` is enabled in **Docker** advanced settings.
:::
```

> *Note:* If you are using Windows with WSL2, you can still use Docker Desktop from WSL. Follow this [tutorial](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/windows/wsl/#enabling-docker-support-in-wsl-2-distros) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip
If you are using WSL2 on Windows, you can still use Docker Desktop from WSL.  
Follow [the following tutorial](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/windows/wsl/#enabling-docker-support-in-wsl-2-distros) for more details.
:::```

sb@dddd:~/demisto$
```

:::info
Make sure that `Allow the default Docker socket to be used (requires password)` is enabled in **Docker** advanced settings.
:::

:::tip
If you are using WSL2 on Windows, you can still use Docker Desktop from WSL.  

> Follow [the following tutorial](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/windows/wsl/#enabling-docker-support-in-wsl-2-distros) for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See [the following tutorial](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/windows/wsl/#enabling-docker-support-in-wsl-2-distros) for more details.
```

#### Option 2: Setup a local environment

#### Let VSCode extension set up a local environment (Linux, MacOS, WSL2)

> Follow [this](./vscode-extension.md#local-development-linux-macos-wsl2) guide to set up a fully configured local environment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Follow this [guide](./vscode-extension.md#local-development-linux-macos-wsl2) to set up a fully configured local environment.
```
